Legal Stuff:
I am not a lawyer, do not know a lawyer, am entirely unwilling to pay for the services of any legal advice regarding this project, and therefore am releasing this completely as open source.  That being said you should note that I the author do not guarantee any level of functionality of this project with your particular situation.  I take no responsibility for this project, or your inability to use it.  I am not going to necessarily be available to answer technical questions, help you install it, ETC.  If your computer suddenly decides that it can't handle it, catches fire, melts down or produces extreme amounts of smoke that result in your untimely demise, I had nothing to do with it.  I have tested this sound pack myself on a fairly diverse set of platforms as well as released it for private beta use amongst trusted friends and would not be releasing it as such if I believe that it would not be functional to a level of acceptableness keeping in mind that it is still in Public Beta stage.  Feel free to modify, change, reverse-engineer, or revise it to your heart's content, it is open source software.

System Requirements:
A computer capable of running the latest version of VIP Mud is a requirement, and in addition I would consider you requiring at least 500 MB of RAM and a bit of extra processing power to accommodate the wave files.  You should also have a sound card capable of playing multiple channels simultaneously.  To date I know that this sound pack has ran on my Quad Core 2.2 GHZ per core desktop with 3 GB of RAM running Vista Ultimate 32 bit, on my Mac Book Dual-Core 2 GHZ per core under VMWare Fusion one with Windows 2000 at 768 MB of RAM allocated and Windows XP Pro and Home editions with 1 GB of RAM allocated.  It has also ran on an E-Machine Desktop running XP Home with 1 GB of RAM and an Asus Netbook with na Intel Atom 1.6 GHZ processor with 1 GB of RAM and an HP Laptop with a 1.6 GHZ dual-core processor and 2 GB of RAM.  If you want to use the continuous background ship sounds, this will require more memory and processor power, as the sounds change as you walk around.  If you find that your computer is too sluggish with the background room sounds, you can disable them, though to date I and my private testers have not noticed any significant problems unless the system running the sound pack was also heavily weighed down with other tasks.

Installation:
You can use the stand-alone executable that we've just started producing to install this soundpack, just select the folder where your Vipmud is installed, then \ Miriani. So, if your copy of Vipmud is installed in c:\program files\Vipmud, you'd install this soundpack to c:\program files\Vipmud\Miriani. If your Windows is 64-bit, then it's more likely to be somewhere like c:\program files (X86)\Vipmud, putting the soundpack in at c:\program files (X86)\Vipmud\Miriani.

Happy mudding!